TODO.md, before:

# Todos

A list of stuff that needs to get done for the project, roughly in order of importance.

- [ ] Write tests
  - [ ] functional tests against FastAPI
  - [ ] unit tests for high-value, low-level functions
  - [ ] playwright end-to-end tests
  - [ ] Integration tests (maybe)
  - [ ] Locust stress tests
- [ ] Blog comment edit history (undo/redo kind of messed up right now)
- [ ] Add projects to projects page (plus individual pages as needed)
  - [ ] Finance (complete first)
  - [ ] Twisted towers
  - [ ] Connect 4 (remake first)
  - [ ] Moth hunt
  - [ ] File renamer
- [ ] Set up Oauth authentication (google and github)
- [ ] Set up secrets with keyring
  - [ ] Move any existing hardcoded secrets to keyring (fresh secrets obviously)
- [ ] Set up email service
  - [ ] Emails for blog post comments
  - [ ] Emails for recover password
  - [ ] Supply domain to whoever so emails don't go to spam
- [ ] Update HTML head metadata
  - [ ] For blog images (and all other pages image)
  - [ ] For descriptions on all pages
  - [ ] Search what other metadata should be provided
- [ ] Look up extra security desired
  - [x] CSP
  - [ ] etc.
- [ ] Deploy
  - [ ] Set up container orchestration
  - [ ] Set up deployment script
  - [ ] Purchase domain
  - [ ] Start DigitalOcean site
  - [ ] Update apt, get docker, git, etc.
  - [ ] Hook domain into real site
  - [ ] Set up initial postgres
  - [ ] Set up https
- [ ] Refactor to separate db models from services models
- [ ] Add sqlite database option (for faster tests)
- [ ] Set up logging
  - [ ] log to files that clean up automatically
  - [ ] See if other info should be logged
  - [ ] Connect with Sentry for logging
- [ ] Rebuild projects
  - [ ] Finance
  - [ ] Connect 4
  - [ ] Analytics
- [ ] New projects
  - [ ] Games API (plus blog post series)
  - [ ] Multiplayer sockets game (plus blog posts)

Commit message:

Add 404 error for HTML web errors. Fix API endpoints.

TODO.md, after:

# Todos

A list of stuff that needs to get done for the project, roughly in order of importance.

- [ ] Write tests
  - [ ] functional tests against FastAPI
  - [ ] unit tests for high-value, low-level functions
  - [ ] playwright end-to-end tests
  - [ ] Integration tests (maybe)
  - [ ] Locust stress tests
- [ ] Better errors
  - [ ] redirect for html errors
  - [ ] 404 page for missing
- [ ] Blog comment edit history (undo/redo kind of messed up right now)
- [ ] Add projects to projects page (plus individual pages as needed)
  - [ ] Finance (complete first)
  - [ ] Twisted towers
  - [ ] Connect 4 (remake first)
  - [ ] Moth hunt
  - [ ] File renamer
- [ ] Set up Oauth authentication (google and github)
- [ ] Set up secrets with keyring
  - [ ] Move any existing hardcoded secrets to keyring (fresh secrets obviously)
- [ ] Set up email service
  - [ ] Emails for blog post comments
  - [ ] Emails for recover password
  - [ ] Supply domain to whoever so emails don't go to spam
- [ ] Update HTML head metadata
  - [ ] For blog images (and all other pages image)
  - [ ] For descriptions on all pages
  - [ ] Search what other metadata should be provided
- [ ] Look up extra security desired
  - [x] CSP
  - [ ] etc.
- [ ] Deploy
  - [ ] Set up container orchestration
  - [ ] Set up deployment script
  - [ ] Purchase domain
  - [ ] Start DigitalOcean site
  - [ ] Update apt, get docker, git, etc.
  - [ ] Hook domain into real site
  - [ ] Set up initial postgres
  - [ ] Set up https
  - [ ] Set up github actions for CI/CD
- [ ] Refactor to separate db models from services models
- [ ] Add sqlite database option (for faster tests)
- [ ] Set up logging
  - [ ] log to files that clean up automatically
  - [ ] See if other info should be logged
  - [ ] Connect with Sentry for logging
- [ ] Rebuild projects
  - [ ] Finance
  - [ ] Connect 4
  - [ ] Analytics
- [ ] New projects
  - [ ] Games API (plus blog post series)
  - [ ] Multiplayer sockets game (plus blog posts)
